the ball charges were dismissed against
IANA Jenkins today and that's what the
result should have been quite frankly
the charges never should have been cried
she made an honest mistake in the grand
jury the district attorney deliberately
sought to prosecute her and persecute
her to make sure
this is a long he did she did what she
had to do I'm not going to comment on
this Jenkins is attorneys just now we
would obviously disagree with the
contention of the charges never should
have been brought but I can say that
after being granted immunity at the iron
fernandes trial miss Jenkins's testimony
at trial concerned matters that were the
subject of this indictment as a result
of her more truthful testimony of trial
we could not in good faith continue the
prosecution of this
Macauley accused her of lying several
times you know when she was on the stand
and the clothing and then the drop the
perjury charge as I said shebna she was
granted immunity in the case and then
she testified two relevant facts that
led to the conviction so in good faith